16 Documentation for build and publish process of docker image. (#231)
commercetools/commercetools-project-sync: docs/BUILD.md

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents** 

- [Release workflow](#release-workflow)
  - [Step 1: Release](#step-1-release)
  - [Step 2: Publish](#step-2-publish)
  - [Checklist](#checklist)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Release workflow

> The main goal of the build process is to build and publish the docker image to the docker hub repo: commercetools/commercetools-project-sync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main goal of the build process is to build and publish the docker image to the docker hub repo: 'commercetools/commercetools-project-sync'
```

> The main goal of the build process is to build and publish the docker image to the docker hub repo: 'commercetools/commercetools-project-sync'

Reviewer 2: Same as you are doing in the checklist, maybe link the repo URL ?

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/pull/231/commits/62dbc8c5442537f20d5d660b87ad830838dd5ea1

     
## Step 1: Release

> Create a new PR for the new release: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a PR for the new release: 
```

- Increment the release version to the new library version, please follow the [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) for finding the new version.

> - Make sure all the dependencies are up-to-date everywhere in the documentation files and project files.

Reviewer 2: We are not doing a dependency update manually as we are using dependabot, I would remove this as it's confusing what is meant by that.

Author: And what about the version upgrade, We have to update the new version in all the docs right?
Example: Readme has version number in docker run examples.

Reviewer 2: Yes you are right, I forgot to write about it, you need to define versions but not the dependency 👍🏽

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/pull/231/commits/84049690439cd99b6dfef78d6574343df665c3e0

> - Make sure all the dependencies are up-to-date everywhere in the documentation files and project files where needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure all the dependencies are up-to-date everywhere in the documentation files and project files.
```

> - Make sure to update the [release notes](/docs/RELEASE_NOTES.md). 

Reviewer 2: It looks like we are not using RELEASE_NOTES.md for this repository, do you want to change it like java-sync, if yes, maybe we need to keep it up-to-date ? If not, maybe remove the file to avoid confusion ?

Author: Removed. https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/pull/231/commits/bf20307157623271b32668d11f8e13050dc3b145

> - Make sure to add a section for the release in the [release notes](/docs/RELEASE_NOTES.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure to update the [release notes](/docs/RELEASE_NOTES.md). 
```

- Ask for review for this PR and then "squash and merge" to master.

------
    
To release the library, you need to ["create a new release"](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/releases/new) with Github, 
describe the new release and publish it. 

> For example, The release description should show of new features, bug fixes and updates of the dependencies versions(https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/releases/tag/3.10.0)

Reviewer 2: Why not using a markdown link ? instead of text link ?

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/pull/231/commits/b73ecf1ffb66a26b29c21d81cfea3d4b8ce10440

> For example, The Release description should explain for any new features, bug fixes and update of the dependencies versions(https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/releases/tag/3.10.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, The release description should show of new features, bug fixes and updates of the dependencies versions(https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/releases/tag/3.10.0)
```

## Step 2: Publish

- Click the _Publish_ button.

After clicking publish button, Github actions will trigger the CD build. Check [here](https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/actions) for Github actions build status.

### Checklist 

- [Publish](#step-2-publish) completed without an issue.

> - The new version image has been published to the docker: [commercetools/commercetools-project-sync](https://hub.docker.com/r/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/tags)

Reviewer 2: I think we need to add a step like a test the docker manually in the local machine if the new version works as expected?

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-project-sync/pull/231/commits/1e78f6e5fc19997d42a61c449af43845abbf6e41
